---
title: About
layout: default
---

Welcome! UpstArt based in St Just in Penwith (the most westerly town in the UK) is a workshop/shop unlike any you have seen. It is a handsome plain living room (nothing to do with me; it is simply a building from 1825 and they knew how to build houses then), filled with exuberant upcycled furniture, amazing upcyled mirrors, clocks, mosaics, feltings on the walls and glass shelves showing off plain silver jewellery  of great beauty. The dresser is plain but colourful vintage granny blankets and hand embroidered tablecloths and artfully crocheted objects spill from its shelves….. A lot of the work is mine (fabric decoupage, rug rags) but Amidst all this I sit at my table and stick wonderfully colourful fabric on all sorts of inspiring objects. And I chat to customers. About the items I have picked up from a carboot, auction or charity shop and that I am transforming, about Katy’s amazing earrings that I am wearing, about Kate’s mosaics and her husband’s death affected her work, and about Rowena’s feltings that I love more than anything else and about Inge Löök’s Aunties cards that I have loved ever since I first saw them in a shop in my native country or about my long distance walks and how, if and when you suddenly find my shop closed, I will have gotten itchy feet and have gone off to walk Offa’s Dyke or the Pennine Way...

If you cannot make it to St Just (you are missing much; it is a small, ex tin mining town, most houses are granite, no trees or bushes grow here on account of the strong winds and salt spray and whatever grows in sheltered corners is mostly eaten by the most enormous bastarding slugs and snails you have ever seen. And yet, and yet…The relentless grey of the streets and the granite buildings with grey slate roofs, the wooden creosoted electricity poles with their electricity wires running overground from house to house swinging in the wind with mostly crows and starlings sitting on them….. it will grow on you. And on a fine sunny day, you will know there is no more beautiful place in the world. And there is always good food, good music and above all good shops. Like mine. But the completion isn’t half bad either. The Makers’ Emporium, Jane Adams Gallery. Kurt Jackons’s gallery, the Windswept Gallery, Bygones, Richard Guy’s Framing and Pictures to name but a few), this website might inspire you...

The fashion is all for furniture painted white, blank canvas houses, bland interiors, tasteful white and beige lampshades….. I cannot do anything about that. You might really like that or you might want to resell one day and so you cannot let your inner joyous bohemian out on the walls or the built-in kitchen. But  sometimes it is just something colourful like a simple chair, a table, lampshade, painting or vase  that could brighten up the place and add spice to the neutral background. So look at my online gallery, and if anything takes you fancy or you would like to discuss a commission , email or phone me and we will get it sorted. Just imagine...

